/*
 *  PHASE 2: NON-FAULT-TOLERANT SERVICE
 *  
 *	TEAM MEMBERS: 
 *  GAUTHAM REDDY KUNTA ID: 109596312
 *  NAFEES AHMED ABDUL ID: 109595182
 *
 */

Testcase1.config
	This config file contains test case for normal random request generated by each client.
	We generate random request based on REQUEST_INFO given in the config file.

Testcase2.config
 	This config file is test case for itemized requests specified for each client. In this we have all successful 
 	query and update requests. We read the config file and get all the requests labeled as REQUEST_1, REQUEST_2 etc which represents 
 	requests for different client i.e. REQUEST_1 for client 1 and so on.

Testcase3.config
	This config file is test case for Insufficient funds  requests scenario specified for each client. In this we have all successful 
 	query and update requests. For this case we either perform withdraw on new account or perform withdraw on existing account with amount
 	greater than the actual balance. We perform a get balance query to check the consistency of the operation i.e. this operation should not
 	perform any update on given account

Testcase4.config 
	This config file is test case for InconsitencyWithHistory requests scenerio specified by a client.
	In this case we send different update requests with same reqID to same account number. We also keep the reqID and account number same and send
	requests with different amounts. In either case we get InconsitencyWithHistory as the outcome and the balance is not updated.We perform a get balance query to check the consistency of the operation i.e. this operation should not
 	perform any update on given account

Testcase5.config
	This config file is test case for duplicate requests scenerio  specified by a client.
	In this case we try to send same request i.e deposit/withdraw with same amount,same reqID, same account number. At server side it does not 
	perform any updates it simply forwards to other servers and the tail sends the reply as processed and with current balance.

Testcase6.config
	This config file is test case for retransmit request by a client after waiting for given wait time.
	For this test case we are using the LIFE_TIME of the server and client waits on its wait time for the reply.
	If no reply comes it resends the request and waits again on its wait time. It does till the number of CLIENT_RESEND value specified 
	in the config file.

